N:\SkyDrive\src\SBU\AI\project2\multiagent>python pacman.py -p MinimaxAgent -l s
mallClassic -a depth=3,profile=True -n 10 -q >> report/MinimaxAgent_smallClassic
_depth_3.txt

total 552 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 1533 nodes expanded
total 1802 nodes expanded
total 1792 nodes expanded
total 2016 nodes expanded
total 1416 nodes expanded
total 2193 nodes expanded
total 1947 nodes expanded
total 2572 nodes expanded
total 3360 nodes expanded
total 1622 nodes expanded
total 2615 nodes expanded
total 950 nodes expanded
total 583 nodes expanded
total 1419 nodes expanded
total 1550 nodes expanded
total 692 nodes expanded
total 1382 nodes expanded
total 382 nodes expanded
total 778 nodes expanded
total 820 nodes expanded
total 620 nodes expanded
total 476 nodes expanded
total 394 nodes expanded
total 408 nodes expanded
total 425 nodes expanded
total 513 nodes expanded
total 342 nodes expanded
total 459 nodes expanded
total 99 nodes expanded
total 152 nodes expanded
total 474 nodes expanded
total 863 nodes expanded
total 429 nodes expanded
total 200 nodes expanded
total 325 nodes expanded
total 105 nodes expanded
total 141 nodes expanded
total 178 nodes expanded
total 314 nodes expanded
total 838 nodes expanded
total 1450 nodes expanded
total 1470 nodes expanded
total 938 nodes expanded
total 856 nodes expanded
total 416 nodes expanded
total 705 nodes expanded
total 560 nodes expanded
total 482 nodes expanded
total 138 nodes expanded
total 170 nodes expanded
total 81 nodes expanded
total 99 nodes expanded
total 247 nodes expanded
total 316 nodes expanded
total 358 nodes expanded
total 392 nodes expanded
total 617 nodes expanded
total 1011 nodes expanded
total 1559 nodes expanded
total 3171 nodes expanded
total 2005 nodes expanded
total 432 nodes expanded
total 395 nodes expanded
total 242 nodes expanded
total 564 nodes expanded
total 299 nodes expanded
total 322 nodes expanded
total 372 nodes expanded
total 411 nodes expanded
total 336 nodes expanded
total 1022 nodes expanded
total 386 nodes expanded
total 255 nodes expanded
total 444 nodes expanded
total 1210 nodes expanded
total 524 nodes expanded
total 1004 nodes expanded
total 1256 nodes expanded
total 1010 nodes expanded
total 150 nodes expanded
total 390 nodes expanded
total 1010 nodes expanded
total 264 nodes expanded
total 428 nodes expanded
total 140 nodes expanded
total 162 nodes expanded
total 180 nodes expanded
total 328 nodes expanded
total 520 nodes expanded
total 464 nodes expanded
total 174 nodes expanded
total 145 nodes expanded
total 225 nodes expanded
total 57 nodes expanded
total 105 nodes expanded
total 46 nodes expanded
total 49 nodes expanded
total 39 nodes expanded
total 171 nodes expanded
total 356 nodes expanded
total 202 nodes expanded
total 291 nodes expanded
total 1389 nodes expanded
total 558 nodes expanded
total 633 nodes expanded
total 683 nodes expanded
total 384 nodes expanded
total 279 nodes expanded
total 582 nodes expanded
total 927 nodes expanded
total 633 nodes expanded
total 206 nodes expanded
total 384 nodes expanded
total 279 nodes expanded
total 930 nodes expanded
total 477 nodes expanded
total 1023 nodes expanded
total 153 nodes expanded
total 930 nodes expanded
total 1467 nodes expanded
total 1240 nodes expanded
total 1323 nodes expanded
total 3538 nodes expanded
total 1124 nodes expanded
total 1678 nodes expanded
total 868 nodes expanded
total 575 nodes expanded
total 1511 nodes expanded
total 1168 nodes expanded
total 1641 nodes expanded
total 309 nodes expanded
total 462 nodes expanded
total 422 nodes expanded
total 356 nodes expanded
total 428 nodes expanded
total 386 nodes expanded
total 1398 nodes expanded
total 369 nodes expanded
total 865 nodes expanded
total 796 nodes expanded
total 1738 nodes expanded
total 1456 nodes expanded
total 1140 nodes expanded
total 1168 nodes expanded
total 958 nodes expanded
total 1987 nodes expanded
total 1431 nodes expanded
total 316 nodes expanded
total 298 nodes expanded
total 165 nodes expanded
total 147 nodes expanded
total 165 nodes expanded
total 120 nodes expanded
total 247 nodes expanded
total 437 nodes expanded
total 991 nodes expanded
total 828 nodes expanded
total 774 nodes expanded
total 747 nodes expanded
total 583 nodes expanded
total 1583 nodes expanded
total 544 nodes expanded
total 260 nodes expanded
total 336 nodes expanded
total 668 nodes expanded
total 144 nodes expanded
total 190 nodes expanded
total 144 nodes expanded
total 189 nodes expanded
total 232 nodes expanded
total 586 nodes expanded
total 516 nodes expanded
total 955 nodes expanded
total 556 nodes expanded
total 1054 nodes expanded
total 621 nodes expanded
total 625 nodes expanded
total 852 nodes expanded
total 1600 nodes expanded
total 637 nodes expanded
total 1156 nodes expanded
total 1401 nodes expanded
total 2694 nodes expanded
total 855 nodes expanded
total 1312 nodes expanded
total 1170 nodes expanded
total 1201 nodes expanded
total 444 nodes expanded
total 776 nodes expanded
total 1158 nodes expanded
total 3249 nodes expanded
total 1115 nodes expanded
total 374 nodes expanded
total 558 nodes expanded
total 582 nodes expanded
total 927 nodes expanded
total 870 nodes expanded
total 537 nodes expanded
total 709 nodes expanded
total 336 nodes expanded
total 542 nodes expanded
total 1679 nodes expanded
total 1366 nodes expanded
total 2005 nodes expanded
total 510 nodes expanded
total 491 nodes expanded
total 347 nodes expanded
total 426 nodes expanded
total 1015 nodes expanded
total 1481 nodes expanded
total 1222 nodes expanded
total 1094 nodes expanded
total 2499 nodes expanded
total 1641 nodes expanded
total 742 nodes expanded
total 1919 nodes expanded
total 1168 nodes expanded
total 409 nodes expanded
total 120 nodes expanded
total 168 nodes expanded
total 165 nodes expanded
total 168 nodes expanded
total 120 nodes expanded
total 165 nodes expanded
total 229 nodes expanded
total 497 nodes expanded
total 1270 nodes expanded
total 2075 nodes expanded
total 3147 nodes expanded
total 2075 nodes expanded
total 2622 nodes expanded
total 546 nodes expanded
total 334 nodes expanded
total 346 nodes expanded
total 170 nodes expanded
total 156 nodes expanded
total 240 nodes expanded
total 266 nodes expanded
total 182 nodes expanded
total 424 nodes expanded
total 540 nodes expanded
total 147 nodes expanded
total 226 nodes expanded
total 394 nodes expanded
total 358 nodes expanded
total 358 nodes expanded
total 292 nodes expanded
total 292 nodes expanded
total 466 nodes expanded
total 418 nodes expanded
total 486 nodes expanded
total 724 nodes expanded
total 1583 nodes expanded
total 1020 nodes expanded
total 1154 nodes expanded
total 1028 nodes expanded
total 1130 nodes expanded
total 394 nodes expanded
total 322 nodes expanded
total 226 nodes expanded
total 180 nodes expanded
total 328 nodes expanded
total 144 nodes expanded
total 190 nodes expanded
total 188 nodes expanded
total 450 nodes expanded
total 486 nodes expanded
total 544 nodes expanded
total 449 nodes expanded
total 1354 nodes expanded
total 1816 nodes expanded
total 1814 nodes expanded
total 1298 nodes expanded
total 378 nodes expanded
total 343 nodes expanded
total 216 nodes expanded
total 394 nodes expanded
total 328 nodes expanded
total 394 nodes expanded
total 256 nodes expanded
total 400 nodes expanded
total 742 nodes expanded
total 758 nodes expanded
total 408 nodes expanded
total 951 nodes expanded
total 868 nodes expanded
total 1184 nodes expanded
total 1137 nodes expanded
total 489 nodes expanded
total 1172 nodes expanded
total 2237 nodes expanded
total 568 nodes expanded
total 453 nodes expanded
total 107 nodes expanded
total 490 nodes expanded
total 768 nodes expanded
total 715 nodes expanded
total 316 nodes expanded
total 138 nodes expanded
total 343 nodes expanded
total 627 nodes expanded
total 174 nodes expanded
total 391 nodes expanded
total 315 nodes expanded
total 820 nodes expanded
Pacman died! Score: 133
total 552 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 2256 nodes expanded
total 1361 nodes expanded
total 532 nodes expanded
total 1425 nodes expanded
total 1686 nodes expanded
total 1328 nodes expanded
total 1225 nodes expanded
total 366 nodes expanded
total 263 nodes expanded
total 1272 nodes expanded
total 418 nodes expanded
total 410 nodes expanded
total 616 nodes expanded
total 840 nodes expanded
total 124 nodes expanded
total 92 nodes expanded
total 70 nodes expanded
total 41 nodes expanded
total 73 nodes expanded
total 152 nodes expanded
total 188 nodes expanded
total 182 nodes expanded
total 493 nodes expanded
total 1381 nodes expanded
total 589 nodes expanded
total 419 nodes expanded
total 560 nodes expanded
total 1151 nodes expanded
total 1374 nodes expanded
total 2567 nodes expanded
total 241 nodes expanded
total 420 nodes expanded
total 271 nodes expanded
total 220 nodes expanded
total 132 nodes expanded
total 93 nodes expanded
total 132 nodes expanded
total 134 nodes expanded
total 237 nodes expanded
total 260 nodes expanded
total 221 nodes expanded
total 436 nodes expanded
total 349 nodes expanded
total 354 nodes expanded
total 408 nodes expanded
total 489 nodes expanded
total 392 nodes expanded
total 635 nodes expanded
total 918 nodes expanded
total 417 nodes expanded
total 758 nodes expanded
total 480 nodes expanded
total 1346 nodes expanded
total 868 nodes expanded
total 1136 nodes expanded
total 170 nodes expanded
total 297 nodes expanded
total 112 nodes expanded
total 134 nodes expanded
total 124 nodes expanded
total 98 nodes expanded
Pacman died! Score: -83
total 552 nodes expanded
total 1856 nodes expanded
total 1583 nodes expanded
total 1076 nodes expanded
total 2363 nodes expanded
total 1524 nodes expanded
total 2373 nodes expanded
total 2991 nodes expanded
total 452 nodes expanded
total 477 nodes expanded
total 1186 nodes expanded
total 679 nodes expanded
total 334 nodes expanded
total 190 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 96 nodes expanded
total 220 nodes expanded
total 430 nodes expanded
total 855 nodes expanded
total 620 nodes expanded
total 402 nodes expanded
total 405 nodes expanded
total 798 nodes expanded
total 576 nodes expanded
total 206 nodes expanded
total 202 nodes expanded
total 491 nodes expanded
total 301 nodes expanded
total 299 nodes expanded
total 860 nodes expanded
total 1828 nodes expanded
total 1130 nodes expanded
total 542 nodes expanded
total 439 nodes expanded
total 794 nodes expanded
total 343 nodes expanded
total 879 nodes expanded
total 353 nodes expanded
total 672 nodes expanded
total 800 nodes expanded
total 753 nodes expanded
total 112 nodes expanded
total 134 nodes expanded
total 114 nodes expanded
total 80 nodes expanded
total 53 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 46 nodes expanded
total 77 nodes expanded
total 89 nodes expanded
total 231 nodes expanded
total 227 nodes expanded
total 495 nodes expanded
total 405 nodes expanded
total 482 nodes expanded
total 1866 nodes expanded
total 2219 nodes expanded
total 2078 nodes expanded
total 879 nodes expanded
total 266 nodes expanded
total 798 nodes expanded
total 3213 nodes expanded
total 1896 nodes expanded
total 2469 nodes expanded
total 1502 nodes expanded
total 760 nodes expanded
total 1352 nodes expanded
total 1346 nodes expanded
total 1658 nodes expanded
total 905 nodes expanded
total 764 nodes expanded
total 468 nodes expanded
total 522 nodes expanded
total 781 nodes expanded
total 957 nodes expanded
total 2239 nodes expanded
total 636 nodes expanded
total 630 nodes expanded
total 797 nodes expanded
total 613 nodes expanded
total 885 nodes expanded
total 1181 nodes expanded
total 1761 nodes expanded
total 646 nodes expanded
total 2115 nodes expanded
total 1142 nodes expanded
total 2078 nodes expanded
total 1357 nodes expanded
total 1300 nodes expanded
total 324 nodes expanded
total 277 nodes expanded
Pacman emerges victorious! Score: 957
total 552 nodes expanded
total 1856 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 961 nodes expanded
total 576 nodes expanded
total 1172 nodes expanded
total 2051 nodes expanded
total 1335 nodes expanded
total 1080 nodes expanded
total 1382 nodes expanded
total 994 nodes expanded
total 1082 nodes expanded
total 1352 nodes expanded
total 1314 nodes expanded
total 930 nodes expanded
total 1272 nodes expanded
total 570 nodes expanded
total 758 nodes expanded
total 1639 nodes expanded
total 310 nodes expanded
total 363 nodes expanded
total 99 nodes expanded
total 102 nodes expanded
total 206 nodes expanded
total 299 nodes expanded
total 366 nodes expanded
total 145 nodes expanded
total 806 nodes expanded
total 221 nodes expanded
total 580 nodes expanded
total 393 nodes expanded
total 298 nodes expanded
total 425 nodes expanded
total 387 nodes expanded
total 277 nodes expanded
total 183 nodes expanded
total 301 nodes expanded
total 766 nodes expanded
total 311 nodes expanded
total 1769 nodes expanded
total 691 nodes expanded
total 537 nodes expanded
total 392 nodes expanded
total 441 nodes expanded
total 680 nodes expanded
total 1307 nodes expanded
total 1427 nodes expanded
total 554 nodes expanded
total 710 nodes expanded
total 455 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 135 nodes expanded
total 108 nodes expanded
total 128 nodes expanded
total 106 nodes expanded
total 87 nodes expanded
total 144 nodes expanded
total 776 nodes expanded
total 1400 nodes expanded
total 1514 nodes expanded
total 956 nodes expanded
total 1256 nodes expanded
total 908 nodes expanded
total 405 nodes expanded
total 562 nodes expanded
total 662 nodes expanded
total 832 nodes expanded
total 662 nodes expanded
total 1038 nodes expanded
total 1296 nodes expanded
total 1171 nodes expanded
total 830 nodes expanded
total 97 nodes expanded
total 462 nodes expanded
total 621 nodes expanded
total 1053 nodes expanded
total 187 nodes expanded
total 756 nodes expanded
total 101 nodes expanded
total 399 nodes expanded
total 101 nodes expanded
total 531 nodes expanded
total 187 nodes expanded
total 753 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 229 nodes expanded
total 311 nodes expanded
total 550 nodes expanded
total 402 nodes expanded
total 1598 nodes expanded
total 1238 nodes expanded
total 1741 nodes expanded
total 2256 nodes expanded
total 983 nodes expanded
total 724 nodes expanded
total 1856 nodes expanded
total 1346 nodes expanded
total 760 nodes expanded
total 1884 nodes expanded
total 1583 nodes expanded
total 2014 nodes expanded
total 1324 nodes expanded
total 692 nodes expanded
total 1382 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 1502 nodes expanded
total 1060 nodes expanded
total 488 nodes expanded
total 588 nodes expanded
total 1247 nodes expanded
total 991 nodes expanded
total 419 nodes expanded
total 1002 nodes expanded
total 999 nodes expanded
total 333 nodes expanded
total 390 nodes expanded
total 183 nodes expanded
total 168 nodes expanded
total 165 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 155 nodes expanded
total 477 nodes expanded
total 764 nodes expanded
total 919 nodes expanded
total 497 nodes expanded
total 349 nodes expanded
total 147 nodes expanded
total 99 nodes expanded
total 147 nodes expanded
total 99 nodes expanded
total 219 nodes expanded
total 310 nodes expanded
total 410 nodes expanded
total 628 nodes expanded
total 1521 nodes expanded
total 769 nodes expanded
total 2261 nodes expanded
total 1065 nodes expanded
total 1389 nodes expanded
total 363 nodes expanded
total 725 nodes expanded
total 138 nodes expanded
total 170 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 81 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 81 nodes expanded
total 137 nodes expanded
total 226 nodes expanded
total 630 nodes expanded
total 874 nodes expanded
total 2220 nodes expanded
total 1653 nodes expanded
total 426 nodes expanded
total 258 nodes expanded
total 836 nodes expanded
total 1856 nodes expanded
total 1816 nodes expanded
total 1066 nodes expanded
total 692 nodes expanded
total 630 nodes expanded
total 1036 nodes expanded
total 606 nodes expanded
total 645 nodes expanded
Pacman emerges victorious! Score: 1285
total 552 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 1884 nodes expanded
total 3025 nodes expanded
total 1593 nodes expanded
total 1564 nodes expanded
total 241 nodes expanded
total 761 nodes expanded
total 1744 nodes expanded
total 1128 nodes expanded
total 1947 nodes expanded
total 633 nodes expanded
total 242 nodes expanded
total 144 nodes expanded
total 170 nodes expanded
total 210 nodes expanded
total 320 nodes expanded
total 226 nodes expanded
total 180 nodes expanded
total 267 nodes expanded
total 137 nodes expanded
total 434 nodes expanded
total 466 nodes expanded
total 1254 nodes expanded
total 1082 nodes expanded
total 1393 nodes expanded
total 1723 nodes expanded
total 1050 nodes expanded
total 965 nodes expanded
total 333 nodes expanded
total 776 nodes expanded
total 1262 nodes expanded
total 454 nodes expanded
total 476 nodes expanded
total 362 nodes expanded
total 365 nodes expanded
total 210 nodes expanded
total 381 nodes expanded
total 1192 nodes expanded
total 1046 nodes expanded
total 649 nodes expanded
total 726 nodes expanded
total 1379 nodes expanded
total 643 nodes expanded
total 974 nodes expanded
total 241 nodes expanded
total 718 nodes expanded
total 310 nodes expanded
total 252 nodes expanded
total 233 nodes expanded
total 671 nodes expanded
total 682 nodes expanded
total 818 nodes expanded
total 368 nodes expanded
total 840 nodes expanded
total 1832 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 1130 nodes expanded
total 256 nodes expanded
total 114 nodes expanded
total 180 nodes expanded
total 292 nodes expanded
total 150 nodes expanded
total 244 nodes expanded
total 165 nodes expanded
total 219 nodes expanded
total 333 nodes expanded
total 406 nodes expanded
total 609 nodes expanded
total 1152 nodes expanded
total 2605 nodes expanded
total 1326 nodes expanded
total 428 nodes expanded
total 261 nodes expanded
total 350 nodes expanded
total 101 nodes expanded
total 399 nodes expanded
total 101 nodes expanded
total 333 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 135 nodes expanded
total 108 nodes expanded
total 201 nodes expanded
total 101 nodes expanded
total 331 nodes expanded
total 327 nodes expanded
total 635 nodes expanded
total 1645 nodes expanded
total 1917 nodes expanded
total 565 nodes expanded
total 367 nodes expanded
total 758 nodes expanded
total 1409 nodes expanded
total 310 nodes expanded
total 593 nodes expanded
total 299 nodes expanded
total 266 nodes expanded
total 299 nodes expanded
total 313 nodes expanded
total 201 nodes expanded
total 552 nodes expanded
total 223 nodes expanded
total 616 nodes expanded
total 274 nodes expanded
total 406 nodes expanded
total 747 nodes expanded
total 1084 nodes expanded
total 670 nodes expanded
total 758 nodes expanded
total 544 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 138 nodes expanded
total 170 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 81 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 119 nodes expanded
total 144 nodes expanded
total 220 nodes expanded
total 140 nodes expanded
total 205 nodes expanded
total 352 nodes expanded
total 650 nodes expanded
total 191 nodes expanded
total 462 nodes expanded
total 134 nodes expanded
total 102 nodes expanded
total 152 nodes expanded
total 198 nodes expanded
total 285 nodes expanded
total 417 nodes expanded
total 815 nodes expanded
total 1645 nodes expanded
total 1767 nodes expanded
total 927 nodes expanded
total 781 nodes expanded
total 649 nodes expanded
total 529 nodes expanded
total 927 nodes expanded
total 795 nodes expanded
total 524 nodes expanded
total 463 nodes expanded
total 1214 nodes expanded
total 1549 nodes expanded
total 1571 nodes expanded
total 625 nodes expanded
total 1172 nodes expanded
total 2090 nodes expanded
total 280 nodes expanded
total 429 nodes expanded
total 210 nodes expanded
total 410 nodes expanded
total 634 nodes expanded
total 445 nodes expanded
total 234 nodes expanded
total 232 nodes expanded
total 705 nodes expanded
total 650 nodes expanded
total 436 nodes expanded
total 398 nodes expanded
total 1192 nodes expanded
total 141 nodes expanded
total 159 nodes expanded
total 23 nodes expanded
total 30 nodes expanded
total 24 nodes expanded
total 39 nodes expanded
total 46 nodes expanded
total 37 nodes expanded
total 51 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 609 nodes expanded
total 863 nodes expanded
total 1854 nodes expanded
total 1719 nodes expanded
total 226 nodes expanded
total 417 nodes expanded
total 222 nodes expanded
total 349 nodes expanded
total 352 nodes expanded
total 502 nodes expanded
total 478 nodes expanded
total 462 nodes expanded
total 524 nodes expanded
total 316 nodes expanded
total 23 nodes expanded
total 30 nodes expanded
total 24 nodes expanded
total 37 nodes expanded
total 39 nodes expanded
total 25 nodes expanded
total 61 nodes expanded
total 97 nodes expanded
total 337 nodes expanded
total 466 nodes expanded
total 984 nodes expanded
total 918 nodes expanded
total 576 nodes expanded
total 902 nodes expanded
total 1281 nodes expanded
total 817 nodes expanded
total 301 nodes expanded
total 581 nodes expanded
total 379 nodes expanded
total 624 nodes expanded
total 243 nodes expanded
total 392 nodes expanded
total 235 nodes expanded
total 168 nodes expanded
total 203 nodes expanded
total 111 nodes expanded
total 252 nodes expanded
total 433 nodes expanded
total 407 nodes expanded
total 617 nodes expanded
total 1030 nodes expanded
total 1030 nodes expanded
total 1573 nodes expanded
total 454 nodes expanded
total 309 nodes expanded
total 768 nodes expanded
total 579 nodes expanded
total 350 nodes expanded
total 287 nodes expanded
total 437 nodes expanded
total 396 nodes expanded
total 91 nodes expanded
total 271 nodes expanded
total 498 nodes expanded
total 1062 nodes expanded
total 453 nodes expanded
total 1179 nodes expanded
total 1610 nodes expanded
total 852 nodes expanded
total 988 nodes expanded
total 2413 nodes expanded
total 1642 nodes expanded
total 2413 nodes expanded
total 879 nodes expanded
total 1802 nodes expanded
total 1832 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 1370 nodes expanded
total 1760 nodes expanded
total 1884 nodes expanded
total 3025 nodes expanded
total 1593 nodes expanded
total 365 nodes expanded
total 308 nodes expanded
total 1866 nodes expanded
total 466 nodes expanded
total 933 nodes expanded
total 299 nodes expanded
total 308 nodes expanded
total 548 nodes expanded
total 1476 nodes expanded
total 1729 nodes expanded
total 630 nodes expanded
total 863 nodes expanded
total 963 nodes expanded
total 554 nodes expanded
total 346 nodes expanded
total 881 nodes expanded
total 963 nodes expanded
total 554 nodes expanded
total 471 nodes expanded
total 262 nodes expanded
total 1032 nodes expanded
total 494 nodes expanded
total 845 nodes expanded
total 863 nodes expanded
total 709 nodes expanded
total 484 nodes expanded
total 963 nodes expanded
total 1235 nodes expanded
total 1197 nodes expanded
total 922 nodes expanded
total 365 nodes expanded
total 582 nodes expanded
total 1106 nodes expanded
total 728 nodes expanded
total 1477 nodes expanded
total 848 nodes expanded
total 1107 nodes expanded
total 299 nodes expanded
total 81 nodes expanded
total 93 nodes expanded
total 132 nodes expanded
total 93 nodes expanded
total 132 nodes expanded
total 93 nodes expanded
total 119 nodes expanded
total 288 nodes expanded
total 778 nodes expanded
total 926 nodes expanded
total 490 nodes expanded
total 674 nodes expanded
total 1550 nodes expanded
total 596 nodes expanded
total 584 nodes expanded
total 170 nodes expanded
total 144 nodes expanded
total 204 nodes expanded
total 144 nodes expanded
total 204 nodes expanded
total 81 nodes expanded
total 93 nodes expanded
total 196 nodes expanded
total 261 nodes expanded
total 412 nodes expanded
total 396 nodes expanded
total 374 nodes expanded
total 662 nodes expanded
total 813 nodes expanded
total 374 nodes expanded
total 1722 nodes expanded
total 4141 nodes expanded
total 2250 nodes expanded
total 633 nodes expanded
total 2067 nodes expanded
total 558 nodes expanded
total 312 nodes expanded
total 200 nodes expanded
total 477 nodes expanded
total 471 nodes expanded
total 497 nodes expanded
total 300 nodes expanded
total 607 nodes expanded
total 266 nodes expanded
total 360 nodes expanded
total 426 nodes expanded
total 157 nodes expanded
total 290 nodes expanded
total 579 nodes expanded
total 218 nodes expanded
total 405 nodes expanded
total 119 nodes expanded
total 168 nodes expanded
total 123 nodes expanded
total 554 nodes expanded
total 532 nodes expanded
total 1766 nodes expanded
total 2442 nodes expanded
total 1780 nodes expanded
total 620 nodes expanded
total 559 nodes expanded
total 612 nodes expanded
total 428 nodes expanded
total 1028 nodes expanded
total 1450 nodes expanded
total 994 nodes expanded
total 1550 nodes expanded
total 1352 nodes expanded
total 884 nodes expanded
total 1034 nodes expanded
total 868 nodes expanded
total 983 nodes expanded
total 524 nodes expanded
total 792 nodes expanded
total 900 nodes expanded
total 173 nodes expanded
total 355 nodes expanded
total 219 nodes expanded
total 72 nodes expanded
total 188 nodes expanded
total 271 nodes expanded
total 63 nodes expanded
total 106 nodes expanded
Pacman died! Score: -129
total 552 nodes expanded
total 1856 nodes expanded
total 1583 nodes expanded
total 1076 nodes expanded
total 1986 nodes expanded
total 712 nodes expanded
total 969 nodes expanded
total 1199 nodes expanded
total 1628 nodes expanded
total 956 nodes expanded
total 1382 nodes expanded
total 1508 nodes expanded
total 1154 nodes expanded
total 794 nodes expanded
total 498 nodes expanded
total 594 nodes expanded
total 715 nodes expanded
total 730 nodes expanded
total 556 nodes expanded
total 529 nodes expanded
total 1028 nodes expanded
total 740 nodes expanded
total 1529 nodes expanded
total 995 nodes expanded
total 1205 nodes expanded
total 628 nodes expanded
total 716 nodes expanded
total 1930 nodes expanded
total 1648 nodes expanded
total 241 nodes expanded
total 761 nodes expanded
total 1996 nodes expanded
total 1560 nodes expanded
total 718 nodes expanded
total 2120 nodes expanded
total 1622 nodes expanded
total 416 nodes expanded
total 435 nodes expanded
total 275 nodes expanded
total 474 nodes expanded
total 763 nodes expanded
total 372 nodes expanded
total 152 nodes expanded
total 515 nodes expanded
total 1202 nodes expanded
total 1176 nodes expanded
total 896 nodes expanded
total 771 nodes expanded
total 569 nodes expanded
total 756 nodes expanded
total 917 nodes expanded
total 752 nodes expanded
total 739 nodes expanded
total 401 nodes expanded
total 794 nodes expanded
total 286 nodes expanded
total 143 nodes expanded
total 25 nodes expanded
total 45 nodes expanded
total 46 nodes expanded
Pacman died! Score: -150
total 552 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 1832 nodes expanded
total 1549 nodes expanded
total 1932 nodes expanded
total 1464 nodes expanded
total 1370 nodes expanded
total 2437 nodes expanded
total 2412 nodes expanded
total 3115 nodes expanded
total 3141 nodes expanded
total 1027 nodes expanded
total 711 nodes expanded
total 411 nodes expanded
total 336 nodes expanded
total 668 nodes expanded
total 144 nodes expanded
total 190 nodes expanded
total 144 nodes expanded
total 198 nodes expanded
total 96 nodes expanded
total 144 nodes expanded
total 226 nodes expanded
total 144 nodes expanded
total 170 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 119 nodes expanded
total 261 nodes expanded
total 412 nodes expanded
total 358 nodes expanded
total 358 nodes expanded
total 382 nodes expanded
total 552 nodes expanded
total 1658 nodes expanded
total 794 nodes expanded
total 296 nodes expanded
total 480 nodes expanded
total 1508 nodes expanded
total 1352 nodes expanded
total 488 nodes expanded
total 566 nodes expanded
total 668 nodes expanded
total 264 nodes expanded
total 428 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 150 nodes expanded
total 264 nodes expanded
total 618 nodes expanded
total 264 nodes expanded
total 447 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 67 nodes expanded
total 31 nodes expanded
total 31 nodes expanded
total 31 nodes expanded
total 34 nodes expanded
total 52 nodes expanded
total 182 nodes expanded
total 610 nodes expanded
total 1896 nodes expanded
total 2193 nodes expanded
total 2386 nodes expanded
total 1059 nodes expanded
total 687 nodes expanded
total 3787 nodes expanded
total 1920 nodes expanded
total 549 nodes expanded
total 638 nodes expanded
total 670 nodes expanded
total 409 nodes expanded
total 431 nodes expanded
total 238 nodes expanded
total 438 nodes expanded
total 773 nodes expanded
total 1545 nodes expanded
total 772 nodes expanded
total 787 nodes expanded
total 836 nodes expanded
total 886 nodes expanded
total 848 nodes expanded
total 524 nodes expanded
total 884 nodes expanded
total 1317 nodes expanded
total 352 nodes expanded
total 196 nodes expanded
total 254 nodes expanded
total 503 nodes expanded
total 173 nodes expanded
total 194 nodes expanded
total 50 nodes expanded
total 61 nodes expanded
total 100 nodes expanded
total 161 nodes expanded
total 137 nodes expanded
total 388 nodes expanded
total 226 nodes expanded
total 518 nodes expanded
total 400 nodes expanded
total 878 nodes expanded
total 912 nodes expanded
total 1536 nodes expanded
total 493 nodes expanded
total 443 nodes expanded
total 1055 nodes expanded
total 962 nodes expanded
total 2613 nodes expanded
total 576 nodes expanded
total 791 nodes expanded
total 372 nodes expanded
total 545 nodes expanded
total 303 nodes expanded
total 395 nodes expanded
total 108 nodes expanded
total 132 nodes expanded
total 108 nodes expanded
total 196 nodes expanded
total 223 nodes expanded
total 152 nodes expanded
total 180 nodes expanded
total 211 nodes expanded
total 406 nodes expanded
total 603 nodes expanded
total 54 nodes expanded
total 168 nodes expanded
total 194 nodes expanded
total 402 nodes expanded
total 340 nodes expanded
total 1829 nodes expanded
total 930 nodes expanded
total 1543 nodes expanded
total 323 nodes expanded
total 427 nodes expanded
total 510 nodes expanded
total 842 nodes expanded
total 802 nodes expanded
total 493 nodes expanded
total 557 nodes expanded
total 1160 nodes expanded
total 580 nodes expanded
total 1157 nodes expanded
total 1231 nodes expanded
total 603 nodes expanded
total 315 nodes expanded
total 212 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 259 nodes expanded
total 326 nodes expanded
total 373 nodes expanded
total 173 nodes expanded
total 236 nodes expanded
total 217 nodes expanded
total 226 nodes expanded
total 118 nodes expanded
total 83 nodes expanded
total 216 nodes expanded
total 383 nodes expanded
total 422 nodes expanded
total 822 nodes expanded
total 1291 nodes expanded
total 1620 nodes expanded
total 253 nodes expanded
total 450 nodes expanded
total 683 nodes expanded
total 247 nodes expanded
total 305 nodes expanded
total 1202 nodes expanded
total 1961 nodes expanded
total 782 nodes expanded
total 2847 nodes expanded
total 939 nodes expanded
total 2119 nodes expanded
total 3691 nodes expanded
total 2615 nodes expanded
total 1904 nodes expanded
total 2269 nodes expanded
total 3010 nodes expanded
total 345 nodes expanded
total 341 nodes expanded
total 400 nodes expanded
total 259 nodes expanded
total 266 nodes expanded
total 326 nodes expanded
total 308 nodes expanded
total 356 nodes expanded
total 180 nodes expanded
total 490 nodes expanded
total 620 nodes expanded
total 646 nodes expanded
total 410 nodes expanded
total 328 nodes expanded
total 394 nodes expanded
total 358 nodes expanded
total 292 nodes expanded
total 382 nodes expanded
total 138 nodes expanded
total 188 nodes expanded
total 138 nodes expanded
total 159 nodes expanded
total 31 nodes expanded
total 31 nodes expanded
total 31 nodes expanded
total 41 nodes expanded
total 53 nodes expanded
total 90 nodes expanded
total 94 nodes expanded
total 298 nodes expanded
total 544 nodes expanded
total 1327 nodes expanded
total 531 nodes expanded
total 625 nodes expanded
total 986 nodes expanded
total 1067 nodes expanded
total 191 nodes expanded
total 380 nodes expanded
total 243 nodes expanded
total 122 nodes expanded
total 70 nodes expanded
total 31 nodes expanded
total 31 nodes expanded
total 34 nodes expanded
total 52 nodes expanded
total 182 nodes expanded
total 415 nodes expanded
total 1197 nodes expanded
total 690 nodes expanded
total 1028 nodes expanded
total 764 nodes expanded
total 1824 nodes expanded
total 476 nodes expanded
total 617 nodes expanded
total 352 nodes expanded
total 188 nodes expanded
total 372 nodes expanded
total 152 nodes expanded
total 162 nodes expanded
total 211 nodes expanded
total 422 nodes expanded
total 1304 nodes expanded
total 1291 nodes expanded
total 894 nodes expanded
total 1110 nodes expanded
total 2129 nodes expanded
total 542 nodes expanded
total 968 nodes expanded
total 2370 nodes expanded
total 1477 nodes expanded
total 696 nodes expanded
total 1336 nodes expanded
total 1422 nodes expanded
total 3249 nodes expanded
total 1932 nodes expanded
total 1722 nodes expanded
total 896 nodes expanded
total 2073 nodes expanded
total 685 nodes expanded
total 1560 nodes expanded
total 3301 nodes expanded
total 1655 nodes expanded
total 1577 nodes expanded
total 384 nodes expanded
total 927 nodes expanded
total 963 nodes expanded
total 550 nodes expanded
total 607 nodes expanded
total 1681 nodes expanded
total 2045 nodes expanded
total 615 nodes expanded
total 1381 nodes expanded
total 240 nodes expanded
total 374 nodes expanded
total 507 nodes expanded
total 345 nodes expanded
total 433 nodes expanded
total 135 nodes expanded
total 54 nodes expanded
total 149 nodes expanded
total 216 nodes expanded
total 600 nodes expanded
total 690 nodes expanded
total 1265 nodes expanded
total 624 nodes expanded
total 756 nodes expanded
total 97 nodes expanded
total 278 nodes expanded
total 86 nodes expanded
total 206 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 135 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 201 nodes expanded
total 509 nodes expanded
total 795 nodes expanded
total 714 nodes expanded
total 809 nodes expanded
total 956 nodes expanded
total 1574 nodes expanded
total 2193 nodes expanded
total 2386 nodes expanded
total 642 nodes expanded
total 525 nodes expanded
total 628 nodes expanded
total 1264 nodes expanded
total 1882 nodes expanded
total 933 nodes expanded
Pacman died! Score: 122
total 552 nodes expanded
total 1856 nodes expanded
total 1628 nodes expanded
total 2102 nodes expanded
total 1486 nodes expanded
total 382 nodes expanded
total 1425 nodes expanded
total 1606 nodes expanded
total 1514 nodes expanded
total 692 nodes expanded
total 520 nodes expanded
total 623 nodes expanded
total 143 nodes expanded
total 39 nodes expanded
total 25 nodes expanded
total 46 nodes expanded
total 46 nodes expanded
total 44 nodes expanded
Pacman died! Score: -388
total 552 nodes expanded
total 1856 nodes expanded
total 1628 nodes expanded
total 2102 nodes expanded
total 2157 nodes expanded
total 1336 nodes expanded
total 916 nodes expanded
total 686 nodes expanded
total 400 nodes expanded
total 724 nodes expanded
total 764 nodes expanded
total 742 nodes expanded
total 908 nodes expanded
total 256 nodes expanded
total 226 nodes expanded
total 512 nodes expanded
total 636 nodes expanded
total 1049 nodes expanded
total 1655 nodes expanded
total 1427 nodes expanded
total 943 nodes expanded
total 1646 nodes expanded
total 2057 nodes expanded
total 1352 nodes expanded
total 2298 nodes expanded
total 2388 nodes expanded
total 1788 nodes expanded
total 525 nodes expanded
total 552 nodes expanded
total 1014 nodes expanded
total 352 nodes expanded
total 132 nodes expanded
total 108 nodes expanded
total 132 nodes expanded
total 108 nodes expanded
total 135 nodes expanded
total 166 nodes expanded
total 119 nodes expanded
total 313 nodes expanded
total 853 nodes expanded
total 933 nodes expanded
total 1189 nodes expanded
total 840 nodes expanded
total 428 nodes expanded
total 1366 nodes expanded
total 2004 nodes expanded
total 341 nodes expanded
total 426 nodes expanded
total 419 nodes expanded
total 464 nodes expanded
total 418 nodes expanded
total 556 nodes expanded
total 1124 nodes expanded
total 667 nodes expanded
total 903 nodes expanded
total 322 nodes expanded
total 1304 nodes expanded
total 1950 nodes expanded
total 2567 nodes expanded
total 1175 nodes expanded
total 1727 nodes expanded
total 1952 nodes expanded
total 847 nodes expanded
total 582 nodes expanded
total 662 nodes expanded
total 1993 nodes expanded
total 757 nodes expanded
total 518 nodes expanded
total 503 nodes expanded
total 396 nodes expanded
total 412 nodes expanded
total 358 nodes expanded
total 256 nodes expanded
total 382 nodes expanded
total 994 nodes expanded
total 1352 nodes expanded
total 1262 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 1750 nodes expanded
total 831 nodes expanded
total 428 nodes expanded
total 444 nodes expanded
total 1324 nodes expanded
total 607 nodes expanded
total 619 nodes expanded
total 37 nodes expanded
total 16 nodes expanded
total 16 nodes expanded
total 19 nodes expanded
total 33 nodes expanded
total 87 nodes expanded
total 112 nodes expanded
total 81 nodes expanded
total 103 nodes expanded
total 229 nodes expanded
total 432 nodes expanded
total 379 nodes expanded
total 581 nodes expanded
total 522 nodes expanded
total 494 nodes expanded
total 403 nodes expanded
total 1058 nodes expanded
total 1290 nodes expanded
total 1569 nodes expanded
total 1855 nodes expanded
total 1116 nodes expanded
total 2069 nodes expanded
total 832 nodes expanded
total 926 nodes expanded
total 1077 nodes expanded
total 981 nodes expanded
total 2126 nodes expanded
total 1578 nodes expanded
total 671 nodes expanded
total 2836 nodes expanded
total 2620 nodes expanded
total 2015 nodes expanded
total 1332 nodes expanded
total 2234 nodes expanded
total 1408 nodes expanded
total 1999 nodes expanded
total 1181 nodes expanded
total 357 nodes expanded
total 715 nodes expanded
total 488 nodes expanded
total 175 nodes expanded
total 119 nodes expanded
total 224 nodes expanded
total 393 nodes expanded
total 424 nodes expanded
total 572 nodes expanded
Pacman died! Score: -181
total 552 nodes expanded
total 1856 nodes expanded
total 1583 nodes expanded
total 1400 nodes expanded
total 2181 nodes expanded
total 532 nodes expanded
total 1155 nodes expanded
total 1606 nodes expanded
total 602 nodes expanded
total 562 nodes expanded
total 248 nodes expanded
total 326 nodes expanded
total 248 nodes expanded
total 266 nodes expanded
total 296 nodes expanded
total 826 nodes expanded
total 1897 nodes expanded
total 1010 nodes expanded
total 1870 nodes expanded
total 950 nodes expanded
total 2572 nodes expanded
total 2943 nodes expanded
total 832 nodes expanded
total 1721 nodes expanded
total 1327 nodes expanded
total 97 nodes expanded
total 296 nodes expanded
total 353 nodes expanded
total 1293 nodes expanded
total 1696 nodes expanded
total 2290 nodes expanded
total 1585 nodes expanded
total 611 nodes expanded
total 545 nodes expanded
total 1212 nodes expanded
total 1443 nodes expanded
total 2118 nodes expanded
total 1970 nodes expanded
total 2287 nodes expanded
total 952 nodes expanded
total 469 nodes expanded
total 290 nodes expanded
total 482 nodes expanded
total 532 nodes expanded
total 111 nodes expanded
total 132 nodes expanded
total 108 nodes expanded
total 131 nodes expanded
total 127 nodes expanded
total 216 nodes expanded
total 326 nodes expanded
total 583 nodes expanded
total 778 nodes expanded
total 859 nodes expanded
total 542 nodes expanded
total 362 nodes expanded
total 410 nodes expanded
total 472 nodes expanded
total 260 nodes expanded
total 480 nodes expanded
total 1256 nodes expanded
total 1154 nodes expanded
total 630 nodes expanded
total 751 nodes expanded
total 920 nodes expanded
total 1325 nodes expanded
total 671 nodes expanded
total 2990 nodes expanded
total 2635 nodes expanded
total 1747 nodes expanded
total 840 nodes expanded
total 681 nodes expanded
total 425 nodes expanded
total 691 nodes expanded
total 781 nodes expanded
total 404 nodes expanded
total 474 nodes expanded
total 763 nodes expanded
total 1150 nodes expanded
total 1151 nodes expanded
total 1246 nodes expanded
total 1349 nodes expanded
total 2880 nodes expanded
total 1328 nodes expanded
total 1236 nodes expanded
total 1092 nodes expanded
total 706 nodes expanded
total 246 nodes expanded
total 227 nodes expanded
total 66 nodes expanded
total 27 nodes expanded
total 30 nodes expanded
total 41 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 47 nodes expanded
total 184 nodes expanded
total 159 nodes expanded
total 384 nodes expanded
total 520 nodes expanded
total 501 nodes expanded
total 540 nodes expanded
total 220 nodes expanded
total 360 nodes expanded
total 254 nodes expanded
total 649 nodes expanded
total 1400 nodes expanded
total 894 nodes expanded
total 1056 nodes expanded
total 161 nodes expanded
total 171 nodes expanded
total 377 nodes expanded
total 376 nodes expanded
total 318 nodes expanded
total 291 nodes expanded
total 223 nodes expanded
total 1015 nodes expanded
total 1378 nodes expanded
total 1632 nodes expanded
total 388 nodes expanded
total 852 nodes expanded
total 443 nodes expanded
total 333 nodes expanded
total 365 nodes expanded
total 331 nodes expanded
total 570 nodes expanded
total 310 nodes expanded
total 292 nodes expanded
total 310 nodes expanded
total 435 nodes expanded
total 386 nodes expanded
total 306 nodes expanded
total 705 nodes expanded
total 562 nodes expanded
total 209 nodes expanded
total 307 nodes expanded
total 372 nodes expanded
total 290 nodes expanded
total 159 nodes expanded
total 474 nodes expanded
total 373 nodes expanded
total 654 nodes expanded
total 536 nodes expanded
total 1009 nodes expanded
total 578 nodes expanded
total 987 nodes expanded
total 296 nodes expanded
total 101 nodes expanded
total 333 nodes expanded
total 101 nodes expanded
total 333 nodes expanded
total 54 nodes expanded
total 201 nodes expanded
total 333 nodes expanded
total 547 nodes expanded
total 316 nodes expanded
total 298 nodes expanded
total 316 nodes expanded
total 503 nodes expanded
total 333 nodes expanded
total 347 nodes expanded
total 180 nodes expanded
total 398 nodes expanded
total 650 nodes expanded
total 1878 nodes expanded
total 624 nodes expanded
total 507 nodes expanded
total 900 nodes expanded
total 1155 nodes expanded
total 218 nodes expanded
total 438 nodes expanded
total 246 nodes expanded
total 564 nodes expanded
total 394 nodes expanded
total 395 nodes expanded
total 350 nodes expanded
total 164 nodes expanded
total 209 nodes expanded
total 408 nodes expanded
total 155 nodes expanded
total 199 nodes expanded
total 89 nodes expanded
total 206 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 135 nodes expanded
total 160 nodes expanded
total 374 nodes expanded
total 558 nodes expanded
total 567 nodes expanded
total 558 nodes expanded
total 713 nodes expanded
total 802 nodes expanded
total 1397 nodes expanded
total 1533 nodes expanded
total 584 nodes expanded
total 962 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 155 nodes expanded
total 158 nodes expanded
total 61 nodes expanded
total 127 nodes expanded
total 156 nodes expanded
total 278 nodes expanded
total 524 nodes expanded
total 956 nodes expanded
total 1382 nodes expanded
total 930 nodes expanded
total 974 nodes expanded
total 871 nodes expanded
total 1401 nodes expanded
total 584 nodes expanded
total 1077 nodes expanded
total 564 nodes expanded
total 815 nodes expanded
total 365 nodes expanded
total 99 nodes expanded
total 165 nodes expanded
total 168 nodes expanded
total 247 nodes expanded
total 396 nodes expanded
total 915 nodes expanded
total 866 nodes expanded
total 882 nodes expanded
total 771 nodes expanded
total 432 nodes expanded
total 1436 nodes expanded
total 1162 nodes expanded
total 1126 nodes expanded
total 1283 nodes expanded
total 1347 nodes expanded
total 1632 nodes expanded
total 465 nodes expanded
total 474 nodes expanded
total 927 nodes expanded
total 709 nodes expanded
total 881 nodes expanded
total 781 nodes expanded
total 594 nodes expanded
total 244 nodes expanded
total 502 nodes expanded
total 924 nodes expanded
total 794 nodes expanded
total 879 nodes expanded
total 662 nodes expanded
total 804 nodes expanded
total 345 nodes expanded
total 142 nodes expanded
total 133 nodes expanded
total 114 nodes expanded
total 53 nodes expanded
total 53 nodes expanded
total 132 nodes expanded
total 163 nodes expanded
total 622 nodes expanded
total 2366 nodes expanded
total 2348 nodes expanded
total 1564 nodes expanded
total 1159 nodes expanded
total 1131 nodes expanded
total 1530 nodes expanded
total 1283 nodes expanded
total 1347 nodes expanded
total 832 nodes expanded
total 356 nodes expanded
total 288 nodes expanded
total 868 nodes expanded
total 1010 nodes expanded
total 428 nodes expanded
total 830 nodes expanded
total 1172 nodes expanded
total 989 nodes expanded
total 73 nodes expanded
total 134 nodes expanded
total 102 nodes expanded
total 124 nodes expanded
total 80 nodes expanded
total 71 nodes expanded
total 180 nodes expanded
total 139 nodes expanded
total 220 nodes expanded
total 239 nodes expanded
total 321 nodes expanded
total 297 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 135 nodes expanded
total 108 nodes expanded
total 135 nodes expanded
total 106 nodes expanded
total 732 nodes expanded
total 1474 nodes expanded
total 1395 nodes expanded
total 1685 nodes expanded
total 1497 nodes expanded
total 1900 nodes expanded
total 1396 nodes expanded
total 2017 nodes expanded
total 499 nodes expanded
total 372 nodes expanded
total 206 nodes expanded
total 226 nodes expanded
total 341 nodes expanded
total 424 nodes expanded
total 540 nodes expanded
total 673 nodes expanded
total 2298 nodes expanded
total 4449 nodes expanded
total 2793 nodes expanded
total 1027 nodes expanded
total 1343 nodes expanded
total 1405 nodes expanded
total 517 nodes expanded
total 1188 nodes expanded
total 962 nodes expanded
total 927 nodes expanded
total 870 nodes expanded
total 594 nodes expanded
total 320 nodes expanded
total 638 nodes expanded
total 686 nodes expanded
total 598 nodes expanded
total 974 nodes expanded
total 210 nodes expanded
total 278 nodes expanded
total 730 nodes expanded
total 798 nodes expanded
total 868 nodes expanded
total 829 nodes expanded
total 2501 nodes expanded
total 1497 nodes expanded
total 1396 nodes expanded
total 2530 nodes expanded
total 1866 nodes expanded
total 3581 nodes expanded
total 3855 nodes expanded
total 2133 nodes expanded
total 908 nodes expanded
total 3049 nodes expanded
total 1218 nodes expanded
total 2977 nodes expanded
total 3073 nodes expanded
total 1931 nodes expanded
total 2749 nodes expanded
total 798 nodes expanded
total 509 nodes expanded
total 602 nodes expanded
total 221 nodes expanded
total 340 nodes expanded
total 580 nodes expanded
total 581 nodes expanded
total 1192 nodes expanded
total 900 nodes expanded
total 1569 nodes expanded
total 1674 nodes expanded
total 1995 nodes expanded
total 3855 nodes expanded
total 3773 nodes expanded
total 1396 nodes expanded
total 1027 nodes expanded
total 1084 nodes expanded
total 654 nodes expanded
total 1645 nodes expanded
total 1186 nodes expanded
total 702 nodes expanded
total 870 nodes expanded
total 718 nodes expanded
total 512 nodes expanded
total 374 nodes expanded
total 292 nodes expanded
total 226 nodes expanded
total 394 nodes expanded
total 328 nodes expanded
total 288 nodes expanded
total 994 nodes expanded
total 1550 nodes expanded
total 956 nodes expanded
total 1730 nodes expanded
total 1154 nodes expanded
total 994 nodes expanded
total 1082 nodes expanded
total 668 nodes expanded
total 778 nodes expanded
total 668 nodes expanded
total 216 nodes expanded
total 394 nodes expanded
total 412 nodes expanded
total 256 nodes expanded
total 400 nodes expanded
total 972 nodes expanded
total 794 nodes expanded
total 951 nodes expanded
total 1317 nodes expanded
total 938 nodes expanded
total 1245 nodes expanded
total 377 nodes expanded
total 486 nodes expanded
total 544 nodes expanded
total 794 nodes expanded
total 535 nodes expanded
total 2004 nodes expanded
total 649 nodes expanded
total 183 nodes expanded
total 168 nodes expanded
total 183 nodes expanded
total 210 nodes expanded
total 333 nodes expanded
total 436 nodes expanded
total 243 nodes expanded
total 368 nodes expanded
total 246 nodes expanded
total 272 nodes expanded
total 150 nodes expanded
total 190 nodes expanded
total 180 nodes expanded
total 256 nodes expanded
total 114 nodes expanded
total 288 nodes expanded
total 1044 nodes expanded
total 2256 nodes expanded
total 1626 nodes expanded
total 918 nodes expanded
total 760 nodes expanded
total 1016 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 1442 nodes expanded
total 1382 nodes expanded
total 866 nodes expanded
total 512 nodes expanded
total 464 nodes expanded
total 662 nodes expanded
total 506 nodes expanded
total 841 nodes expanded
total 388 nodes expanded
total 175 nodes expanded
total 180 nodes expanded
total 327 nodes expanded
total 180 nodes expanded
total 327 nodes expanded
total 143 nodes expanded
total 175 nodes expanded
total 74 nodes expanded
total 108 nodes expanded
total 144 nodes expanded
total 43 nodes expanded
total 53 nodes expanded
total 53 nodes expanded
total 132 nodes expanded
total 163 nodes expanded
total 555 nodes expanded
total 2366 nodes expanded
total 1655 nodes expanded
total 2426 nodes expanded
total 1595 nodes expanded
total 1620 nodes expanded
total 1870 nodes expanded
total 2875 nodes expanded
total 985 nodes expanded
total 602 nodes expanded
total 292 nodes expanded
total 767 nodes expanded
total 260 nodes expanded
total 225 nodes expanded
total 363 nodes expanded
total 389 nodes expanded
total 793 nodes expanded
total 261 nodes expanded
total 225 nodes expanded
total 391 nodes expanded
total 536 nodes expanded
total 833 nodes expanded
total 579 nodes expanded
total 954 nodes expanded
total 650 nodes expanded
total 775 nodes expanded
total 1213 nodes expanded
total 907 nodes expanded
total 501 nodes expanded
total 134 nodes expanded
total 134 nodes expanded
total 114 nodes expanded
total 79 nodes expanded
total 40 nodes expanded
Pacman died! Score: 160
Average Score: 172.6
Scores:        133.0, -83.0, 957.0, 1285.0, -129.0, -150.0, 122.0, -388.0, -181.0, 160.0
Win Rate:      2/10 (0.20)
Record:        Loss, Loss, Win, Win, Loss, Loss, Loss, Loss, Loss, Loss
