N:\SkyDrive\src\SBU\AI\project2\multiagent>python pacman.py -p MinimaxAgent -l s
mallClassic -a depth=3,profile=True,evalFn=smartScorer -n 10 -q >> report/Minima
xAgent_smallClassic_depth_3_smartScorer.txt

total 552 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 2256 nodes expanded
total 1361 nodes expanded
total 1440 nodes expanded
total 3613 nodes expanded
total 2727 nodes expanded
total 1178 nodes expanded
total 3539 nodes expanded
total 2298 nodes expanded
total 2943 nodes expanded
total 832 nodes expanded
total 101 nodes expanded
total 552 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 2256 nodes expanded
total 1361 nodes expanded
total 368 nodes expanded
total 588 nodes expanded
total 1247 nodes expanded
total 447 nodes expanded
total 867 nodes expanded
total 1290 nodes expanded
total 1077 nodes expanded
total 533 nodes expanded
total 97 nodes expanded
total 330 nodes expanded
total 194 nodes expanded
total 290 nodes expanded
total 166 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 84 nodes expanded
total 153 nodes expanded
total 394 nodes expanded
total 436 nodes expanded
total 742 nodes expanded
total 856 nodes expanded
total 711 nodes expanded
total 1679 nodes expanded
total 927 nodes expanded
total 706 nodes expanded
total 1640 nodes expanded
total 1132 nodes expanded
total 1798 nodes expanded
total 2091 nodes expanded
total 568 nodes expanded
total 665 nodes expanded
total 371 nodes expanded
total 695 nodes expanded
total 409 nodes expanded
total 798 nodes expanded
total 715 nodes expanded
total 585 nodes expanded
total 321 nodes expanded
total 215 nodes expanded
total 476 nodes expanded
total 594 nodes expanded
total 516 nodes expanded
total 680 nodes expanded
total 1523 nodes expanded
total 1733 nodes expanded
total 824 nodes expanded
total 1919 nodes expanded
total 540 nodes expanded
total 405 nodes expanded
total 506 nodes expanded
total 97 nodes expanded
total 264 nodes expanded
total 108 nodes expanded
total 132 nodes expanded
total 108 nodes expanded
total 164 nodes expanded
total 166 nodes expanded
total 196 nodes expanded
total 138 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 93 nodes expanded
total 196 nodes expanded
total 214 nodes expanded
total 717 nodes expanded
total 788 nodes expanded
total 2015 nodes expanded
total 1314 nodes expanded
total 1937 nodes expanded
total 797 nodes expanded
total 1878 nodes expanded
total 826 nodes expanded
total 611 nodes expanded
total 476 nodes expanded
total 298 nodes expanded
total 300 nodes expanded
total 494 nodes expanded
total 266 nodes expanded
total 296 nodes expanded
total 766 nodes expanded
total 813 nodes expanded
total 108 nodes expanded
total 196 nodes expanded
total 173 nodes expanded
total 160 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 114 nodes expanded
total 146 nodes expanded
total 248 nodes expanded
total 149 nodes expanded
Pacman emerges victorious! Score: 1558
total 552 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 1533 nodes expanded
total 968 nodes expanded
total 2749 nodes expanded
total 2962 nodes expanded
total 3833 nodes expanded
total 2793 nodes expanded
total 759 nodes expanded
total 1007 nodes expanded
total 97 nodes expanded
total 297 nodes expanded
total 108 nodes expanded
total 260 nodes expanded
total 319 nodes expanded
total 390 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 150 nodes expanded
total 264 nodes expanded
total 302 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 157 nodes expanded
total 343 nodes expanded
total 727 nodes expanded
total 305 nodes expanded
total 296 nodes expanded
total 299 nodes expanded
total 324 nodes expanded
total 99 nodes expanded
total 102 nodes expanded
total 165 nodes expanded
total 165 nodes expanded
total 102 nodes expanded
total 99 nodes expanded
total 147 nodes expanded
total 165 nodes expanded
total 183 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 135 nodes expanded
total 54 nodes expanded
total 135 nodes expanded
total 160 nodes expanded
total 252 nodes expanded
total 452 nodes expanded
total 662 nodes expanded
total 854 nodes expanded
total 632 nodes expanded
total 974 nodes expanded
total 440 nodes expanded
total 244 nodes expanded
total 163 nodes expanded
total 497 nodes expanded
total 578 nodes expanded
total 1161 nodes expanded
total 226 nodes expanded
total 491 nodes expanded
total 275 nodes expanded
total 328 nodes expanded
total 310 nodes expanded
total 330 nodes expanded
total 196 nodes expanded
total 210 nodes expanded
total 334 nodes expanded
total 374 nodes expanded
total 459 nodes expanded
total 748 nodes expanded
total 1034 nodes expanded
total 596 nodes expanded
total 259 nodes expanded
total 338 nodes expanded
total 632 nodes expanded
total 1254 nodes expanded
total 1004 nodes expanded
total 1198 nodes expanded
Pacman emerges victorious! Score: 1376
total 552 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 1832 nodes expanded
total 1060 nodes expanded
total 488 nodes expanded
total 478 nodes expanded
total 712 nodes expanded
total 1020 nodes expanded
total 1919 nodes expanded
total 499 nodes expanded
total 219 nodes expanded
total 256 nodes expanded
total 97 nodes expanded
total 297 nodes expanded
total 108 nodes expanded
total 164 nodes expanded
total 166 nodes expanded
total 234 nodes expanded
total 144 nodes expanded
total 190 nodes expanded
total 138 nodes expanded
total 224 nodes expanded
total 144 nodes expanded
total 160 nodes expanded
total 99 nodes expanded
total 165 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 183 nodes expanded
total 165 nodes expanded
total 147 nodes expanded
total 99 nodes expanded
total 102 nodes expanded
total 165 nodes expanded
total 165 nodes expanded
total 102 nodes expanded
total 99 nodes expanded
total 147 nodes expanded
total 165 nodes expanded
total 183 nodes expanded
total 227 nodes expanded
total 590 nodes expanded
total 2442 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 794 nodes expanded
total 392 nodes expanded
total 234 nodes expanded
total 634 nodes expanded
total 476 nodes expanded
total 362 nodes expanded
total 386 nodes expanded
total 599 nodes expanded
total 236 nodes expanded
total 135 nodes expanded
total 54 nodes expanded
total 135 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 165 nodes expanded
total 168 nodes expanded
total 120 nodes expanded
total 165 nodes expanded
total 147 nodes expanded
total 111 nodes expanded
total 132 nodes expanded
total 93 nodes expanded
total 81 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 119 nodes expanded
total 173 nodes expanded
total 517 nodes expanded
total 374 nodes expanded
total 833 nodes expanded
total 166 nodes expanded
total 272 nodes expanded
total 144 nodes expanded
total 298 nodes expanded
total 268 nodes expanded
total 594 nodes expanded
total 267 nodes expanded
Pacman emerges victorious! Score: 1372
total 552 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 1832 nodes expanded
total 1986 nodes expanded
total 1305 nodes expanded
total 144 nodes expanded
total 465 nodes expanded
total 991 nodes expanded
total 575 nodes expanded
total 965 nodes expanded
total 360 nodes expanded
total 540 nodes expanded
total 308 nodes expanded
total 188 nodes expanded
total 138 nodes expanded
total 159 nodes expanded
total 138 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 93 nodes expanded
total 196 nodes expanded
total 298 nodes expanded
total 643 nodes expanded
total 101 nodes expanded
total 333 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 367 nodes expanded
total 578 nodes expanded
total 861 nodes expanded
total 185 nodes expanded
total 402 nodes expanded
total 578 nodes expanded
total 973 nodes expanded
total 191 nodes expanded
total 316 nodes expanded
total 265 nodes expanded
total 364 nodes expanded
total 365 nodes expanded
total 762 nodes expanded
total 439 nodes expanded
total 54 nodes expanded
total 168 nodes expanded
total 194 nodes expanded
total 322 nodes expanded
total 194 nodes expanded
total 322 nodes expanded
total 166 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 138 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 93 nodes expanded
total 132 nodes expanded
total 158 nodes expanded
total 502 nodes expanded
total 900 nodes expanded
total 951 nodes expanded
total 472 nodes expanded
total 260 nodes expanded
total 180 nodes expanded
total 382 nodes expanded
total 616 nodes expanded
total 596 nodes expanded
total 972 nodes expanded
total 2270 nodes expanded
total 1243 nodes expanded
total 2572 nodes expanded
total 4235 nodes expanded
total 2022 nodes expanded
total 1911 nodes expanded
total 2012 nodes expanded
total 2042 nodes expanded
total 1266 nodes expanded
total 2014 nodes expanded
total 1740 nodes expanded
total 1082 nodes expanded
total 764 nodes expanded
total 1002 nodes expanded
total 1840 nodes expanded
total 821 nodes expanded
Pacman emerges victorious! Score: 1572
total 552 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 1884 nodes expanded
total 3025 nodes expanded
total 1808 nodes expanded
total 2155 nodes expanded
total 1858 nodes expanded
total 4635 nodes expanded
total 3153 nodes expanded
total 1142 nodes expanded
total 97 nodes expanded
total 528 nodes expanded
total 374 nodes expanded
total 1025 nodes expanded
total 319 nodes expanded
total 542 nodes expanded
total 264 nodes expanded
total 428 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 157 nodes expanded
total 343 nodes expanded
total 917 nodes expanded
total 168 nodes expanded
total 240 nodes expanded
total 578 nodes expanded
total 605 nodes expanded
total 210 nodes expanded
total 905 nodes expanded
total 908 nodes expanded
total 1493 nodes expanded
total 277 nodes expanded
total 152 nodes expanded
total 392 nodes expanded
total 636 nodes expanded
total 191 nodes expanded
total 244 nodes expanded
total 147 nodes expanded
total 165 nodes expanded
total 183 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 189 nodes expanded
total 54 nodes expanded
total 201 nodes expanded
total 202 nodes expanded
total 261 nodes expanded
total 108 nodes expanded
total 196 nodes expanded
total 217 nodes expanded
total 286 nodes expanded
total 188 nodes expanded
total 144 nodes expanded
total 226 nodes expanded
total 237 nodes expanded
total 218 nodes expanded
total 147 nodes expanded
total 205 nodes expanded
total 324 nodes expanded
total 394 nodes expanded
total 579 nodes expanded
total 768 nodes expanded
total 499 nodes expanded
total 321 nodes expanded
total 100 nodes expanded
total 156 nodes expanded
total 248 nodes expanded
total 138 nodes expanded
total 260 nodes expanded
total 264 nodes expanded
total 542 nodes expanded
total 173 nodes expanded
total 325 nodes expanded
total 202 nodes expanded
total 399 nodes expanded
total 333 nodes expanded
total 455 nodes expanded
total 333 nodes expanded
total 455 nodes expanded
total 389 nodes expanded
total 852 nodes expanded
total 1314 nodes expanded
total 1549 nodes expanded
total 620 nodes expanded
total 862 nodes expanded
total 392 nodes expanded
total 718 nodes expanded
total 524 nodes expanded
total 387 nodes expanded
total 200 nodes expanded
total 268 nodes expanded
total 415 nodes expanded
Pacman emerges victorious! Score: 1358
total 552 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 1884 nodes expanded
total 1208 nodes expanded
total 765 nodes expanded
total 1405 nodes expanded
total 1702 nodes expanded
total 3759 nodes expanded
total 1947 nodes expanded
total 1610 nodes expanded
total 187 nodes expanded
total 1053 nodes expanded
total 374 nodes expanded
total 833 nodes expanded
total 166 nodes expanded
total 234 nodes expanded
total 144 nodes expanded
total 298 nodes expanded
total 264 nodes expanded
total 518 nodes expanded
total 264 nodes expanded
total 618 nodes expanded
total 343 nodes expanded
total 1055 nodes expanded
total 305 nodes expanded
total 416 nodes expanded
total 578 nodes expanded
total 861 nodes expanded
total 185 nodes expanded
total 388 nodes expanded
total 662 nodes expanded
total 1197 nodes expanded
total 376 nodes expanded
total 353 nodes expanded
total 998 nodes expanded
total 1717 nodes expanded
total 871 nodes expanded
total 751 nodes expanded
total 445 nodes expanded
total 97 nodes expanded
total 528 nodes expanded
total 374 nodes expanded
total 833 nodes expanded
total 166 nodes expanded
total 272 nodes expanded
total 264 nodes expanded
total 338 nodes expanded
total 138 nodes expanded
total 188 nodes expanded
total 138 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 178 nodes expanded
total 365 nodes expanded
total 168 nodes expanded
total 150 nodes expanded
total 299 nodes expanded
total 360 nodes expanded
total 212 nodes expanded
total 654 nodes expanded
total 900 nodes expanded
total 951 nodes expanded
total 256 nodes expanded
total 305 nodes expanded
total 131 nodes expanded
total 324 nodes expanded
total 667 nodes expanded
total 1383 nodes expanded
total 1458 nodes expanded
total 2327 nodes expanded
total 1335 nodes expanded
total 341 nodes expanded
total 308 nodes expanded
total 248 nodes expanded
total 269 nodes expanded
total 332 nodes expanded
total 245 nodes expanded
Pacman emerges victorious! Score: 1774
total 552 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 1832 nodes expanded
total 1060 nodes expanded
total 488 nodes expanded
total 588 nodes expanded
total 912 nodes expanded
total 408 nodes expanded
total 772 nodes expanded
total 670 nodes expanded
total 101 nodes expanded
total 441 nodes expanded
total 543 nodes expanded
total 1717 nodes expanded
total 512 nodes expanded
total 267 nodes expanded
total 292 nodes expanded
total 114 nodes expanded
total 180 nodes expanded
total 292 nodes expanded
total 328 nodes expanded
total 226 nodes expanded
total 476 nodes expanded
total 681 nodes expanded
total 454 nodes expanded
total 567 nodes expanded
total 194 nodes expanded
total 264 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 229 nodes expanded
total 305 nodes expanded
total 266 nodes expanded
total 165 nodes expanded
total 219 nodes expanded
total 185 nodes expanded
total 398 nodes expanded
total 779 nodes expanded
total 2235 nodes expanded
total 811 nodes expanded
total 1800 nodes expanded
total 2813 nodes expanded
total 1087 nodes expanded
total 1964 nodes expanded
total 720 nodes expanded
total 935 nodes expanded
total 1000 nodes expanded
total 877 nodes expanded
total 187 nodes expanded
total 665 nodes expanded
total 509 nodes expanded
total 1150 nodes expanded
total 1396 nodes expanded
total 1252 nodes expanded
total 537 nodes expanded
total 939 nodes expanded
total 497 nodes expanded
total 901 nodes expanded
total 711 nodes expanded
total 908 nodes expanded
total 742 nodes expanded
total 758 nodes expanded
total 408 nodes expanded
total 818 nodes expanded
total 190 nodes expanded
total 188 nodes expanded
total 418 nodes expanded
total 322 nodes expanded
total 192 nodes expanded
total 250 nodes expanded
total 69 nodes expanded
total 198 nodes expanded
total 171 nodes expanded
total 815 nodes expanded
total 158 nodes expanded
total 649 nodes expanded
total 1366 nodes expanded
total 1052 nodes expanded
total 348 nodes expanded
total 514 nodes expanded
total 178 nodes expanded
total 200 nodes expanded
total 165 nodes expanded
total 225 nodes expanded
total 265 nodes expanded
total 354 nodes expanded
total 225 nodes expanded
total 545 nodes expanded
total 1128 nodes expanded
total 2329 nodes expanded
total 960 nodes expanded
total 814 nodes expanded
total 940 nodes expanded
total 1228 nodes expanded
total 1616 nodes expanded
total 628 nodes expanded
total 763 nodes expanded
total 1191 nodes expanded
total 1907 nodes expanded
total 1859 nodes expanded
total 634 nodes expanded
total 688 nodes expanded
total 332 nodes expanded
total 119 nodes expanded
Pacman emerges victorious! Score: 1547
total 552 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 1533 nodes expanded
total 3249 nodes expanded
total 1572 nodes expanded
total 1648 nodes expanded
total 633 nodes expanded
total 449 nodes expanded
total 1220 nodes expanded
total 718 nodes expanded
total 101 nodes expanded
total 333 nodes expanded
total 194 nodes expanded
total 273 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 597 nodes expanded
total 606 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 1256 nodes expanded
total 1238 nodes expanded
total 400 nodes expanded
total 545 nodes expanded
total 1866 nodes expanded
total 2156 nodes expanded
total 1939 nodes expanded
total 1373 nodes expanded
total 963 nodes expanded
total 634 nodes expanded
total 836 nodes expanded
total 1856 nodes expanded
total 1188 nodes expanded
total 124 nodes expanded
total 92 nodes expanded
total 102 nodes expanded
total 134 nodes expanded
total 102 nodes expanded
total 83 nodes expanded
total 216 nodes expanded
total 383 nodes expanded
total 291 nodes expanded
total 360 nodes expanded
total 57 nodes expanded
total 343 nodes expanded
total 900 nodes expanded
total 1236 nodes expanded
total 768 nodes expanded
total 786 nodes expanded
total 400 nodes expanded
total 494 nodes expanded
total 540 nodes expanded
total 409 nodes expanded
total 414 nodes expanded
total 366 nodes expanded
total 365 nodes expanded
total 340 nodes expanded
total 357 nodes expanded
total 405 nodes expanded
total 412 nodes expanded
total 308 nodes expanded
total 163 nodes expanded
total 339 nodes expanded
total 564 nodes expanded
total 399 nodes expanded
total 212 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 259 nodes expanded
total 127 nodes expanded
total 159 nodes expanded
total 138 nodes expanded
total 170 nodes expanded
total 114 nodes expanded
total 190 nodes expanded
total 512 nodes expanded
total 718 nodes expanded
total 652 nodes expanded
total 1202 nodes expanded
total 2341 nodes expanded
total 1653 nodes expanded
total 1468 nodes expanded
total 940 nodes expanded
total 1841 nodes expanded
total 3035 nodes expanded
total 1240 nodes expanded
total 1396 nodes expanded
total 941 nodes expanded
total 605 nodes expanded
total 620 nodes expanded
total 104 nodes expanded
total 114 nodes expanded
total 336 nodes expanded
total 88 nodes expanded
total 237 nodes expanded
total 159 nodes expanded
total 506 nodes expanded
total 346 nodes expanded
total 386 nodes expanded
total 357 nodes expanded
total 545 nodes expanded
total 350 nodes expanded
total 427 nodes expanded
total 372 nodes expanded
total 310 nodes expanded
total 408 nodes expanded
total 908 nodes expanded
total 646 nodes expanded
total 1100 nodes expanded
total 1197 nodes expanded
total 1165 nodes expanded
total 2479 nodes expanded
total 2219 nodes expanded
total 3623 nodes expanded
total 2571 nodes expanded
total 2699 nodes expanded
total 796 nodes expanded
Pacman emerges victorious! Score: 1736
total 552 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 1832 nodes expanded
total 1986 nodes expanded
total 1864 nodes expanded
total 675 nodes expanded
total 1344 nodes expanded
total 2200 nodes expanded
total 1342 nodes expanded
total 1405 nodes expanded
total 405 nodes expanded
total 533 nodes expanded
total 97 nodes expanded
total 330 nodes expanded
total 194 nodes expanded
total 322 nodes expanded
total 194 nodes expanded
total 340 nodes expanded
total 495 nodes expanded
total 951 nodes expanded
total 328 nodes expanded
total 520 nodes expanded
total 702 nodes expanded
total 786 nodes expanded
total 938 nodes expanded
total 278 nodes expanded
total 244 nodes expanded
total 747 nodes expanded
total 245 nodes expanded
total 802 nodes expanded
total 524 nodes expanded
total 940 nodes expanded
total 941 nodes expanded
total 252 nodes expanded
total 483 nodes expanded
total 238 nodes expanded
total 361 nodes expanded
total 582 nodes expanded
total 1293 nodes expanded
total 1474 nodes expanded
total 818 nodes expanded
total 808 nodes expanded
total 119 nodes expanded
total 234 nodes expanded
total 544 nodes expanded
total 356 nodes expanded
total 346 nodes expanded
total 356 nodes expanded
total 360 nodes expanded
total 456 nodes expanded
total 421 nodes expanded
total 339 nodes expanded
total 532 nodes expanded
total 390 nodes expanded
total 613 nodes expanded
total 374 nodes expanded
total 410 nodes expanded
total 861 nodes expanded
total 536 nodes expanded
total 157 nodes expanded
total 477 nodes expanded
total 1962 nodes expanded
total 1326 nodes expanded
total 4635 nodes expanded
total 3965 nodes expanded
total 2034 nodes expanded
total 1515 nodes expanded
total 545 nodes expanded
total 544 nodes expanded
total 392 nodes expanded
total 336 nodes expanded
total 643 nodes expanded
total 493 nodes expanded
total 201 nodes expanded
Pacman emerges victorious! Score: 1576
total 552 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 1533 nodes expanded
total 1802 nodes expanded
total 2560 nodes expanded
total 2237 nodes expanded
total 1234 nodes expanded
total 3028 nodes expanded
total 4235 nodes expanded
total 2655 nodes expanded
total 2361 nodes expanded
total 1559 nodes expanded
total 187 nodes expanded
total 1053 nodes expanded
total 374 nodes expanded
total 833 nodes expanded
total 319 nodes expanded
total 504 nodes expanded
total 138 nodes expanded
total 170 nodes expanded
total 78 nodes expanded
total 114 nodes expanded
total 144 nodes expanded
total 255 nodes expanded
total 343 nodes expanded
total 932 nodes expanded
total 590 nodes expanded
total 830 nodes expanded
total 578 nodes expanded
total 1149 nodes expanded
total 343 nodes expanded
total 573 nodes expanded
total 310 nodes expanded
total 532 nodes expanded
total 355 nodes expanded
total 760 nodes expanded
total 571 nodes expanded
total 2307 nodes expanded
total 1531 nodes expanded
total 4359 nodes expanded
total 2275 nodes expanded
total 97 nodes expanded
total 462 nodes expanded
total 374 nodes expanded
total 897 nodes expanded
total 374 nodes expanded
total 1025 nodes expanded
total 319 nodes expanded
total 504 nodes expanded
total 138 nodes expanded
total 177 nodes expanded
total 166 nodes expanded
total 445 nodes expanded
total 264 nodes expanded
total 760 nodes expanded
total 717 nodes expanded
total 838 nodes expanded
total 1056 nodes expanded
total 1468 nodes expanded
total 147 nodes expanded
total 245 nodes expanded
total 544 nodes expanded
total 650 nodes expanded
total 216 nodes expanded
total 394 nodes expanded
total 292 nodes expanded
total 374 nodes expanded
total 432 nodes expanded
total 439 nodes expanded
total 266 nodes expanded
total 202 nodes expanded
total 429 nodes expanded
total 1949 nodes expanded
total 1856 nodes expanded
total 920 nodes expanded
total 290 nodes expanded
total 878 nodes expanded
total 1230 nodes expanded
Pacman emerges victorious! Score: 1772
Average Score: 1564.1
Scores:        1558.0, 1376.0, 1372.0, 1572.0, 1358.0, 1774.0, 1547.0, 1736.0, 1576.0, 1772.0
Win Rate:      10/10 (1.00)
Record:        Win, Win, Win, Win, Win, Win, Win, Win, Win, Win
